Asus says that incredible comes from
within well I say that they sponsored
this video so I can look at the New Zen
screen fold OLED or as I like to call it
the FED we got probably the monitor here
but what I want to see is what's in this
black
box looks like it's a Max 30 W wall wart
I'll just put that to the side take off
this foam and look at what's under the
box uh because this looks like a
carrying case Asus Zen screen feels
cushiony even though I've done is press
it through the plastic the benefit to
being foldable means that when it's
folded up your portable monitor should
be able to fit in this what 12 12 1/2 in
bag I'm a little dubious but we're going
to find out it's a pretty nice box with
a pretty nice label it's our Asus zenc
screen fold OLED portable monitor mq1
17q when will they do away with crazy
monitor names I'll never know but the
funny thing is is the Box folds open
too no one I couldn't just open it all
right I guess they're really going for a
folding experience this is probably the
screen it's heavy enough uh it should be
about 1.17 kilos so not super heavy uh
We've also got an HDMI to Mini HDMI
cable we've got a Asus booklet it
thanked me for buying the product and
then I gave me the warranty that's my
VIP member notice um then what else have
we got this is heavy this is oh if you
want to put it on a stand it does come
with a 1/4 in thread that you can use to
attach it to a stand we've also got a
right angle USBC to not right angle USBC
connector uh We've also got a nice
little what is this cleaning cloth not a
big deal but it's nice that they include
it why is it all in plastic this is my
you know it's a really minor nitpick but
I've had to take everything out of
plastic for this whole thing and I
really would have loved it if uh you
know it's all sealed in here really
nicely they could have just laid it flat
and that would have been okay basically
super easy peasy Ikea instructions
telling me how to turn on the monitor
all right let's open it take this
plastic cover
off and see what's inside I still it's
like a giant
book like it's like if I've got two
tablets and I've got it like right in
front of me it's like a giant book or
something and then if you do want to
read it like a book maybe a big cookbook
on your countertop it's got a kickstand
on the back look at that we'll talk
about the price later it's very
expensive I'm not going to lie to you
guys it's very expensive but it's pretty
cool it's pretty nifty it's the world's
first portable OLED foldable monitor um
it's also got hey look at this f- OLED
on the back I was literally calling it
fed for funsies and everyone's like
that's stupid no one should call it
foled I I was right we've got our qu
inch thread right here that should hook
into this guy it's got this little post
on the bottom and then our screw at the
top and then you can see it's got a
guide there and then you just screw it
down wow I like the Asus logo on the
front here looks pretty cool reminds me
of the Star Trek logo other than that
it's pretty clean it's got little Asus
Zen fold printing on the back here so
you know exactly what it is and then
we've got it on the side as well and uh
then we've got our ports and power
buttons or IO up here looks like we got
a headphone jack mini HDMI display port
alt display port alt through USBC I like
how they're both uh display port it
makes perfect sense it's a monitor um
and then we've got an array of buttons
I'm sure one is power the other three
not sure we'll have to try them out we
should be getting a nice 2560 by
1920 in this aspect ratio which should
be a good amount of PPI nothing too
crazy as for the crease when it's folded
out and it's all the way down and flat
it's only really visible from some
angles if I'm dead on it's actually not
too bad and I'm sure with content you
can barely even notice it but we'll have
to judge that for ourselves later man I
can't oh my God it just feels so
uncomfortable for me to open and fold
screens like it's it's like I'm opening
a laptop but then it's just all screen
but as uncomfortable as I may be folding
it up to take it away with me let's
power it on and see just what a portable
foldable OLED monitor looks like in 2024
one minor complaint Asus I really I know
it's portable and most of the time your
stuff's going to be right here but you
do advertise it as being able to be put
on a stand and used as a regular monitor
but my computer's all the way down here
and my power is a little further than
that so I just want a longer cable
please two longer cables
the power will not reach where ours is
and then our HDMI probably will reach
but it's going to be a little tight so
one moment please while I get the stuff
plugged in okay now that it's all fired
up it you know the colors look pretty
good we actually tested them more on
that later and they're not too not too
shabby uh let's make sure everything's
set to the right thing yeah 2560 by 1920
and unfortunately to say it is only 60
HZ it is a portable monitor but you know
what when you're land gaming like at a
land event do you need 12 Herz it'd be
nice but 60 it's good enough to gain so
let's uh turn hdr on I've got to say the
crease on a dark background is a lot
more noticeable especially when you're
off AIS but when there's color and
there's actually content displaying and
you're kind of bang on it's really not
that bad let's try some games let's try
doom doom Eternal look at that aspect
ratio it's weird with the
blue boxing the nice thing about Doom is
that we know it'll do a weird aspect
ratio I've just got to set it within the
actual menu 16 by 10 no no no no no we
want 4x3 babies 2560 by 1920 apply yeah
this is doomed the way it was meant to
be played on a CRT well now it's OLED
but we're still 4x3 and I got to say I
really like 4x3 I think for games
there's something kind of nice about it
especially on a smaller screen and like
I've got to say say the display looks
really good like that's just OLED for
you uh with self admissive pixels it's
such a good time compared to even like a
really high-end mini LED display I'm
just kind of team OLED now and
especially with image retention and
Vernon being such a thing of the past
it's still possible but like most people
who are daily driving these monitors
even a year or two now from now myself
included I still don't see any so I mean
maybe down the line but so far so good I
wish it was a higher refresh rate but
like
it looks solid you know what I'm not
going to sit here and tell you it's the
most responsive display I've ever used
in my entire life but if I was at a land
event or if I'm just kind of gaming on
the go this is totally good enough with
an OLED portable monitor like this we're
getting a crazy high contrast ratio some
people like to say it's like a million
to one or infinite because your black is
going to be perfectly black and then
your brights are going to be not too bad
I think we're getting a top end of about
500 nits in HDR
which is perfectly respectable it's not
going to be you know a high-end TV or
anything like that but I mean it's a
portable monitor do you really need it
to be 1,000 nits I don't you know that
does look really good yeah it's about
4.9 million pixels so even though it's
4x3 it's kind of like it's QHD or 1440p
um and and a on a 17-in screen it's
plenty of pixels it looks pretty good
really decent PPI just going to check
out the latency a little bit with
Counterstrike I'm going to like you know
it's not perfect obviously it's 60 HZ
but it's totally usable I hope that if
you're trying to be competitive at a l
event you're bringing like a full scale
monitor like this is just for if you
want to Game On The Go it's okay I think
we measured about 8 millisecs for
response times and about 37 milliseconds
of latency but that's perfectly usable
for a foldable OLED monitor but next up
let's talk color accuracy and the rest
of our testing results in standard mode
we measured an average Delta e of five
with a Max of 8.5 rounding up nothing
groundbreaking but solid for a portable
monitor as for HDR in bt2020 game HDR
was our most accurate mode with a Delta
ITP of 7.7 on average and a Max of 17.9
it's actually pretty respectable for HDR
content we've seen better we've seen
worse it's not going to be a
disappointing display when you're
looking at HDR content OLED just looks
so good these days because they finally
figured out how to make it bright enough
without having to worry too much about
image retention or bur in and the result
is good it speaks for itself I mean it's
it's really just hard to beat and until
microed can come out with something that
makes it single pain instead of multiple
small pains so that you're always
looking at a crease it's going to be
good but the reality is it's $2,200 us
which is very expensive and I assume
it's going to be for a very Niche crowd
however those of you who do want it who
can afford it it's pretty sick because
check this out just going to unplug
it Fold It
Up put it into our handy danding
carrying case now that it's only 12 1/2
in and then we just drop it in the case
came with it so you don't have to go buy
one and like at about 2 and2 lb it's
pretty light this will fit in a backpack
no problem uh I feel pretty comfortable
just like tossing it around even though
it's a very expensive monitor um feels
like a pretty sturdy case to be
perfectly honest and that's the Asus Zen
screen foldable OLED world's first it's
awesome it's expensive I think that if
you do want it you know check out the
link below you'll be able to find one
there and if you don't want it just
don't buy one thanks so much Asus for
sponsoring today's video you guys you
know make sure to like And subscribe and
let us know what you think down in the
comments below